docs:add watch and txn doc (#6863)
datafuselabs/databend: docs/doc/60-contributing/03-rfcs/20220728-metasrv-watch.md

---

> title: Watch key support in MetaService
> description: 
>   Watch key support in MetaService
> ---
> 
> Metasrv uses GRPC stream to watch the key changes, users can add a watch key through `KVApi`, and the `WatchRequest` parameters include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Watch key support in databend-meta
description: 
  Watch key support in databend-meta
---

Databend-meta uses GRPC stream to watch the key changes, users can add a watch key through `KVApi`, and the `WatchRequest` parameters include:
```

> * key: the key to register for watching.
> * key_end: `key_end` is the end of the range [key, key_end) to watch.
> If key_end is None, then watch only key. If want to watch prefix of key, use`get_start_and_end_of_prefix` to generate [key, key_end).
> * filter_type: the filter type of the watch key change events, which is one of the following:
>   * ALL: receives all kinds of update events.
>   * UPDATE: filter only updates event.
>   * DELETE: filter only deletes event.
> 
> Every time a watch request is received, a Grpc stream is created. Every time the watched key changes, metasrv uses the created stream to notify the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* key: the key to register for watching.
* key_end: `key_end` is the end of the range [key, key_end) to watch.
If key_end is None, then watch only key. To watch keys with a common prefix, use`get_start_and_end_of_prefix` to generate [key, key_end).
* filter_type: filter the type of watching events, which is one of the following:
  * ALL: receives all kinds of update events.
  * UPDATE: filter only updates event.
  * DELETE: filter only deletes event.

Every time a watch request is received, a Grpc stream is created. Every time the watched key changes, databend-meta uses the stream to notify the client.
```
